Entry date 8/5/09. So here I am writing in my journal again, replacement journal that is. Sadly enough my last journal wound up drenched in tea and it didn't survive the drenching. I haven't had the heart to open to asses if it is at all salvageable. I suppose that it troubles me to think that all my scribed ramblings have been lost... Not that they were all to important, they were simply my meager thoughts, 'ventings' and recollections of joys, and they were all my own. So as I have made confirmation in my heart and head to pick them all up, my thoughts, 'ventings' and recollections of joy, and move on without the sentiments of my past self all the same. On a more important note I have picked up a couple of fountain pens. And of course it goes without being said that I would need yet another pen “like I need a hole in my head”. But alas the addiction to such romantic and inanimate thing can never be truly quieted. I simply scream inside upon the site of such delicate things; other thought reactions, “I-must-have-it” and “This-acquisition-is-justifiable-for-'x'- reasons”. Anyhow, I have them and love them and too have no intention of relinquishing them. Fountain pens, fountain pens,  fountain pens. I suppose this most recent catches were a bit foolish in light of my current funding situation, but I needed them! And too I needed a new bottle of ink to complete the pairing. With all the writing I do my fountain pens become thirsty. So, I picked up a pretty blue ink. Oddly enough blue isn't quit my color for any thing really, but this ink spoke to me, it called to me. Which is quit strange as I find blue and black ink to be so common place, so dull and unimaginative. We see the two day in and out, even in the typed, unwritten text forms. This redundancy, I find simply kills the creative spirit.  Anyhow, as to the particulars of the pen, Pelikan M205, demonstrator, piston-fill, double-broad nib, iceberg blue... sigh. How can one live without such things, I do not know. It is the little things that fill your heart with fancy and even make you scream inside.  